When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I use a remote repository when I need to collaborate with others from different places.
    Everyone can make a branch from the formal version of the work at the remote repository
    and start their own experiment seperately. After each person finishes his or her work, 
    he or she can push the updated version to the remote repository so that others can also
    see the changes.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    For one thing, having Git automatically stay up-to-date will introduce some changes made
    by others to the local repository, which may not be what I want. For another, automatically
    staying up-to-date is resource-consuming. I don't need that many copies stored locally.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Fork is an action to copy a repository on the Github from someone else to our account.
    Clone is also an action to copy but it can copy repository on the Github to the local
    computer or vice versa. And it can also copy repository from on location at the local 
    computer to another. Branch is an action of add new commits non-linearly. The new commit will not be appended to the tip of the master branch but to be a new tip of a branch itself.  

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    With a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally, we can record both the change made locally and that made on the Github. Keeping track of two versions will help us detect and resolve conflicts in the future merging action. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
